---
---
Redovisning kmom01
=========================

<p class="comment" markdown="1">
Detta innehåll är skrivet i markdown och du hittar innehållet i filen `content/redovisning/01_kmom01.md`.
</p>


I have some experience in working with `Express` and `React` javascript frameworks, 
even on the server side. I am also familiar with `git` from before and have used GitHub for hosting the scr code. 
I have `git` GUI extention in my VS Code IDE, but mostly use command line 
tools during my work flow. 
I have also used another version control software - `svn`, but I think that 
`git` is much more flexible and advanced. 

I have even worked on projects with several team members, 
and am accustomed to issues, branches, forks, merges and pull requests. 
I have some basic knowledge of `markdown` language, 
but mostly from writing reports and README files for projects hosted on GitHub. 

I am not a designer, but have an eye for color and proportions. 
When using different web or mobile applications, I always try to evaluate 
my personal UX, note interesting solutions and ideas, and remember things 
that do not work in my oppinion, so I wouldn't repeat them in future.

As a developer, I am most interested in functionality of the product. 
But I still pay a lot of attention to the "look" and "feel" of the application, 
since I know that all three are equally important for a competitive product. 

I didn't add much styling for this kmom, just the basics. 
I was mostly focusing on the correct "placement" of the main page elemnts/areas, that 
are defined by the framework. In general, I think it went well and painless. 
