---
---
Redovisning kmom02
=========================

<p class="comment" markdown="1">
Detta innehåll är skrivet i markdown och du hittar innehållet i filen `content/redovisning/02_kmom02.md`.
</p>

Se till att följande frågor besvaras i redovisningstexten.

Vad tycker du om LESS och det sättet vi jobbar med LESS-moduler?
Är du bekant med Makefiler och make sedan tidigare, eller något liknande byggverktyg? Vad anser du om det?
Hur kändes det att kompilera LESS till CSS, var det något du reflekterade över?
Kommentera ditt tema, hur kan man beskriva dess design och hade du några planer på “design” när du byggde ditt tema?
Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I think that working with LESS is great! 
I like the flexibility it gives for creating different themes 
and versions of the same HTML structure. 
You can divide your `css` code into several files 
which are then compiled into one giant (AND minified) style sheet. 
I love the fact that there are 
variables, which make life much easier. You don't have to memorize strange hash numbers of color codes that are reused dozens of times 
in the same stylesheet, or numbers that represent widths or margins. 
It becomes much easier to standardize those things across 
multiple files. And it becomes sooooo easy to change them! 
Awesome :) 

It was really easy to work with the `Makefile` and the `make theme` task. 
I love when things that you have to repeat multiple times 
are automated and work smoothly. 
I don't remember writing any code for building tasks myself, but 
I definately worked with some projects that used `make` and `grunt`. 
One thing I did though, was writing some simple `npm` scripts for 
`Node.js` applications. 

The whole process of compiling `LESS` to `CSS` was very smooth 
thanks to the `make` command. Once I understood where and why the files 
were created and copied to, I had no problems with the workflow.

I have worked a bit on the theme of the website during kmom01, 
so I didn't make any big changes to the look and feel during 
this kmom. Since we are working on the existing website, 
a lot of the design is already created, the structures are defined. 
I just tried to keep the styling close to the original one, 
and made sure that the colors are nutural, with good contrast for 
readability. 

I did some responsive design during this kmom, with focus on 
menus (hiding/showing desktop and mobile navigation depending 
on the screen width) and the three-column layout, so that each 
column had enough space on the screen. But there's still lots 
of work that needs to be done, mostly with making the texts 
more readable and visually separating different blocks (columns) 
of the page. 

The whole site is basically a place for 
documentation for this course, which means lots of texts, 
tables of content and links. So these are the things I am going to be focusing on during the following kmom's.
