---
---
Redovisning kmom03
=========================

<p class="comment" markdown="1">
Detta innehåll är skrivet i markdown och du hittar innehållet i filen `content/redovisning/03_kmom03.md`.
</p>


Working with grid, both vertical and horizontal, during kmom03 assignment was very interesting. I like working with constraints regarding how the elements are distributed over the page in both dimentions. I think the vertical grid aids in making the page look more simmetrical and well-proportioned because of the predefined width of the "columns". So when adding more elements to the page, you don't have to think much about their width and margins. You just "snap" items to the grid. Neat. The vertical grid also made working with the responsive layout much easier. Again, you don't need to think about dimentions of each element, instead you can just decide how to distibute them over the grid, and the hard part is done for you. 

The vertical grid, as a visual tool, didn't make a big impression on me, but maybe because I have been already aware of the issues regarding text readability and best practices of web typography. But I appreciated all the presets provided in `typography-defaults.less` and `typography-font-families.less`. This just saves a lot of time and headache to have all those defaults gathered in one place, instead of them being scattered all over one huge style sheet. `LESS` is beautiful :)

When working with typography on the web, I always try to use `sans-serif` families as much as possible. I think they give most readability to the text. I can justify using `serifs` or some "art-sy" font families for the elements that are not too long and are not used a lot on a single page, like headings and slogans. But for informational pages, i.e. LOTS of text, I like to use calm and easy-to-read fonts, with a good font size and letter spacing, that wouldn't strain the reader's eyes. 

The closest to this grid excersise I have ever done would be using **CSS Grid Layout** `display: grid` when implementing page layout. I must say I probably going to be using it much more from now on, instead of my beloved friend `display: flex`. As well as `LESS`. 

For this kmom I have reused all the modules from the previous assignment. To make sure that the styles from kmom02 are not overwritten and the "style chooser" would still work, I have created duplicates of the modules first, and then made the changes there. I have also moved some of my variables from lower-level modules to the top-level `kmom03.less`, so they coud be used by all modules. Additionally, I have also worked on rewriting my css rules so they would match the typical nested `LESS` structure. I think it makes the readability of the `less` files much more superior compared to the `css` one. It is much easier to find your way around the rules, and helps with writing rules that don't "overlap" each other and mess with styles. 

